Hear what is a guy and what kmax.
Now in this video we will be very king up with the About page ok so I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to hear about Krait now.
OK.
And in here I want to just add that to lay out so I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit that page right now and then here I'll be taken there.
OK.
And then I have to upload that so I'm just going to go to d'Este right now.
And then here it is to use the builder and then I have to hit load from library.
I have to.
So we have predefined layouts as well.
So if you want to use this as well you can also use this.
You don't have to just add anything you don't have to add any of the juice on file and you just have
to upload it like that about us.
OK.
And this is right here.
And then when you click used a visual builder you'll see how it is going to look so it will just upload
the predefined layout that comes of it so you can see this is how your website the look.
This is Preedy Finally old you don't have to add anything.
You don't have to add any of the chase Ansal so you can see this is how it is located.
Does our story is this is how the team member one is and everything.
OK so this is the pre-define Leo.
Basically I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to come here and I am going to
load from library and from library.
So here I want that the thing that we added to.
I just won that team.
I just want to focus on that.
So make sure that you replace the existing gone dead which is destroyed here.
And I want the About page.
This is about it.
Yes.
When did start about take and see this is right here and this has been added to you can see how this
is looking awkward is the new new We're just the new you.
So you can see this effect.
It just goes up.
This is seamlessly.
I just love it.
OK.
I am just going to show you how this is made today.
You don't get confused ok if I just come here and I just click here you can see this is the settings
so this is that it was sitting right here.
And if we go to design the backbone then I can see nothing easier.
If I just come here.
You can see nothing is here OK.
But if we go to the column to Bactrim This is like this.
OK.
So column 2 this is the column to OK and column one back from just like this so you can see how this
is looking.
This is looking like we just have the column to crown and we don't have anything pretty well in this
column do background image to be set to beat X.
We can also choose it to beat any you can see column do on image Plen can be multiplied it can kinda
like dark can or something like that.
So if I just come here and I just click here then you can see we have a module and if we go to background
and see
let's just come here and let's click this guy right here so that we should switch on the grid module.
OK.
You can see how this is looking.
If I just come here and
let me just click here.
This guy I want to go to background this this
this one
face.
This has got this one.
I want to just go with this one.
OK let's get him here.
Let's go down and call him 1 1/2 disarray here
OK I don't know why this is not working here.
Let's just come here and let's just work for this.
If I just come here you can see this is the whole background image OK.
You can see this is the whole bar code name is like this.
This is the whole background image.
And then they go down.
Then I have the column one Bactrim which is to call them 1.
So you can see call one is this whole this.
OK this is set to color.
OK this is set the color if I just decrease it.
If I just make it transparent you can see how this color is looking OK but I'm going to make it full.
OK.
And then we go down and then we have the image right here.
So this is the image.
If it does go to a library and then I go down.
This is the image basically you can see this image is set to transparent.
If I just tried to open this image up.
OK.
Let me just open this image first.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to copy to you or L and I'm going to paste it right.
OK.
And then I come here and I just open it up you can see how this is looking OK.
If I want to make the background image like black I can also make it what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to save this image first.
OK.
I'm going to open this up right here and then I'm going to open this up in Photoshop so I'm going to
open this up in Photoshop
let's just click here and it'll automatically be opened up in the show because I've said my piece in
the image just opened up in a photo shop so this will be opened up enough for the shop and then I have
to select this color and I have to make it black.
OK.
So I'm just going to show you how how what I'm saying.
But first I have to come here I have to just click here and I have to select just one column one Bactrim
OK.
So column one background color should be set to a color that I want to focus on.
So I just want to focus on not this but a bit of the
so let's suppose that I want this image OK.
What I'm going to do right now I'm just going to copy this color code first.
This is important guys.
Just make sure you copy the color.
Then come here.
Then you have to click here and then you have to base the color code here.
Base the color code here.
Just select this one.
Just remove this and that's it.
OK.
And now you have to come to this guy right here that takes
this one.
This is magic van tool.
You have to come here and you have to select it and you can see everything is selected from here.
This is a color.
OK.
You have to just press control and then backspace and again see this.
I mean it just said do this.
OK.
Now when I'm going to save it now.
As the be.
I'm just going to save it as the vintage copy then B and G on stop and I'm going to save this image
is going to be saved right now.
OK cool.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to go down to this one right here and I want to upload the
black one that we have got this.
So I'm going to upload it.
I'm going to select the file and I am going to just selected from here.
So it should be here.
Yes this is the one I'm just going to click here and it can see this image just right here.
So you can just design this image with Adobe Illustrator.
OK.
You can see how this image is looking.
Yes.
Of course this is exactly looking like that that we designed.
OK.
This is how it is looking.
So this is how you can create this image.
OK.
Now if you want to create an image like this you can go with Adobe Illustrator.
OK you should be having a know how often a software if you wanted to go with this effect because they're
designing is basically comes under the graphic designing as well because that is also important.
So now here when you see it obolus Shrader is on you can see here you can basically design this type
of effect.
You just have to go ahead.
You have to select the square or rectangle and then you have to make it down here you have to give some
effect like this.
And then you can design it.
So let me just get in here and let me just close this for shall pray here.
Let me come here.
So I just come here.
I just open up a new file right here and then I want to design it so I can design it.
OK.
It is going slow because the background is also running there.
And also some things I'm going to go to print right now and this should be
let's just go with the print.
OK.
And this should be right here.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to
this is right here.
I'm going to make it bigger.
And what I'm going to do right now I'm going to go ahead I'm going to grab this quarter OK.
So this is it right here.
OK what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to add this anchor point.
So I'm I'm going to add the anchor point here
let's just click here anchor points so I'm just gonna grab this anchor point this anchor point this
anchor point in this point.
And this.
Ok now I'm going to come here.
I'm just going to drop this rag here and I'm going to drag it so you can see this is how you can create
these type of effect.
And this is all all created with after so sorry this Adobe Illustrator.
So you can see how this is looking if I just come here and I just add the anchor point here and I'm
going to grab this phrase here.
So you can see how this is looking.
OK.
I can now just bring it any where I can now just drag it right here.
And this is how it's looking so I can just save it as a BNZ I can just open this up in Photoshop and
then I can work with it.
I can dismiss save it as it Binjie and then I can add a background image and then I can upload it there.
So this is how you basically create this type of effect.
But for this you have to focus on the illustrator.
I would recommend you not to go into here just first Lunda web development and then go in the graphic
designing to not go into graphic designing right now because this is not necessary right now.
So this is we're about this is looking I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to change the look of this
and I'm just going to change the color of this too.
All right.
I'm going to change the color of this white
OK.
You can see how this is looking.
Everything looks great here.
Old is the new new.
And this testimonials fray here you can see this is the image we have.
This is the actual Five-Star of you
and Artane section is right here and get the news about sealed in new products so you can see there's
so many things that you can do to create a website OK.
And you can design any type of website I didn't show you this effect just because you guys don't know
about graphic designing and I do not want to confuse you but I just wanted to show you how this is created
so that you do not be like oh my god we can not create this you guys can do that.
Seriously guys you can do that.
You just learn live web development first.
OK.
And then you'll be good enough then you can go to the lowest trader effects.
This is the best tool I've ever seen.
OK you can see that we're totally done with this.
We have designed the About page and now I'm going to go to the doctors.
So let's just click here and let's go to the Contact Us.
I'm just going to go to enable the visual builder and then I'm going to upload that file.
I'm just going to use that builder the chase on file.
So let's wait till this is uploaded.
Oh sorry this is loaded.
Upload it.
So.
So this is right here.
I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to click this guy right here.
I'm going to go to this.
An ad from library.
So this is loading all the effects all the pre-made layouts that we have in the library and I need contact.
Here we go.
This is all the contact us pages headquarters warehouse.
E-mail us and everything.
So if you want to change the look of this if you want to get the different vibe of the website for this
like if you want to change the background for this you can do go with that.
You can do change it.
I have showed you guys so now you can do it with the color scheme but I would highly recommend you not
to go to colors just school with the shades of one single color.
You can go over that tree.
For sure you can go with that.
We don't use many colors and you say that that was your shape a not look at so you can see that we have
all the pages set up you can see everything is totally ok.
Everything is cool and now in the next video we'll be working in the shop.
This is so important guys.
I'm going to show you how this is going to work if I just exit the visual builder and then I open up
my shop page to see how bad it looks.
And sorry guys but you can see I want to change this.
How will they change this.
I'll show you in the next video so stadium guys and that is going to be so much fun.
Goodbye.